you have a love for boxing you're smart
you're pretty and you're tough pretty
tough can do anything
remember that take care of my bookie no
I stalled your bookie and your ex-wife
coffee ever get the feeling you were
meant for something more I won that
fight I would've given you try you
desert drop you talk like you think you
can do what I do I know as much about
boxing as you jazz contract it's yours
for a dollar
yeah beasts you don't know what the hell
you're talking about I just bought a
boxer for a buck Jackie Kallen is about
to get her chance I'm more scared nice
to do this than shinjiru so you call me
for black up for the show Jackie Kallen
I'm just a person taking a chance you
might be interested in Who I am you
still here
you didn't let me finish you ain't never
managed nobody in your whole life how
you gonna front me you can't even front
yourself no potential and I see it in
you watch out world you say this boy is
good huh
real deal you bring it all along I'm a
squash whatever you guys send my way
maybe just a tiny bit wrong
tired old man gonna be my friend what
have you done
let's see have some actual ring
experience you first
I'm not gonna disappear just because I
make some people uncomfortable graduate
this spring it's not how high you climb
Renee I'm on TV
keep up the good work she'll be famous
and you'll be history he's messing with
my fighter he is setting him up to lose
or how far you fall you still think I
owe you everything you did for me I did
the same thing for you that's not you've
got the world you living in its how hard
you fight back meg Ryan for the first
time in my life people heard what I had
to say no more apps ain't ready and
Charles has done the comes a point where
fights gotta start knocking down now
come out
against the ropes where it is nobody
acts surprised that we weren't
you